# Changing Icons

Nova 3 uses the Material Design icon font wherever icons are used. In some cases though, you may want another look for your theme. You can swap out the Material Design icon font for another icon font of your choice by following the directions below.

__Note: You cannot swap out an icon font for actual icons without making significant changes to the system's page views.__

1. Create an `include-fonts.blade.php` file in your theme's `components/partials` directory. In the partial, provide the full link tag that points to the CDN hosting your icon font. (For an example, look at `nova/resources/components/partials/include-fonts.blade.php`.) In the event you aren't using a CDN and will instead host the icon font on your own server, the `include-fonts` partial should be empty, but still needs to be there. Even if you're hosting the font yourself, you'll still need to override the `include-fonts` partial, otherwise Nova will make an HTTP request to the Google Fonts CDN for the Material Design icon font.
2. Create an `icon.blade.php` partial in your theme's `components/partials` directory and set the markup to the appropriate markup for the icon font you're using. Do ___not___ override the `icon-setup` partial. Doing so may cause icons in the Setup Center to no longer display.
3. In most cases, you'll likely need different icon styles than what Nova comes with. Make sure you have a `custom.icons.css` stylesheet in your theme's `design` directory (if you in fact need to change those styles) and make any necessary changes. Nova will see the `custom.icons.css` stylesheet and load that after the base icons stylesheet. If you don't want to supplement the styles that are there, simply name the file `icons.css` and Nova won't load the base icons stylesheet. (In most cases, it'll probably be easier to completely replace the icon stylesheet instead of supplementing it.)
4. Finally, in order to get the icons working correctly, you'll need to override the `getIconMap` method in your theme's `Theme` class. (If you don't have a `Theme` class in your theme, you'll need to create one using the directions [here](make-theme-command.md).)
	1. Open the base `Theme` class (located in `nova/src/Foundation/Services/Themes/Theme.php`) and copy the `getIconMap()` method.
	2. Paste the method into your own `Theme` class.
	3. Change the _values_ (what's on the right side of the array) to be the appropriate values for the key from your icon font (i.e. for the `edit` key, you'll want to choose whatever icon from your font works best for that type of action). Do ___not___ change the array keys (what's on the left side of the array) otherwise none of your icons will work.
